wisdom has built her house she has hewn
wisdom has built her house she has hewn out her seven pillars she has
out her seven pillars she has
out her seven pillars she has slaughtered her meat
slaughtered her meat
slaughtered her meat she has mixed her wine she has also
she has mixed her wine she has also
she has mixed her wine she has also furnished her table she has sent out her
furnished her table she has sent out her
furnished her table she has sent out her maidens she cries out from the highest
maidens she cries out from the highest
maidens she cries out from the highest places of the city whoever is simple let
places of the city whoever is simple let
places of the city whoever is simple let him turn in here as for him who lacks
him turn in here as for him who lacks
him turn in here as for him who lacks understanding she says to him come eat
understanding she says to him come eat
understanding she says to him come eat of my bread and drink of the wine I have
of my bread and drink of the wine I have
of my bread and drink of the wine I have mixed forsake foolishness and live and
mixed forsake foolishness and live and
mixed forsake foolishness and live and go in the way of understanding he who
go in the way of understanding he who
go in the way of understanding he who corrects a scoffer gets shamed for
corrects a scoffer gets shamed for
corrects a scoffer gets shamed for himself and he who rebukes a wicked man
himself and he who rebukes a wicked man
himself and he who rebukes a wicked man only harms himself do not correct a
only harms himself do not correct a
only harms himself do not correct a scoffer blessed he hate you rebuke a
scoffer blessed he hate you rebuke a
scoffer blessed he hate you rebuke a wise man and he will love you give
wise man and he will love you give
wise man and he will love you give instruction to a wise man and he will be
instruction to a wise man and he will be
instruction to a wise man and he will be still wiser teacher just man and he will
still wiser teacher just man and he will
still wiser teacher just man and he will increase in learning the fear of the
increase in learning the fear of the
increase in learning the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom
Lord is the beginning of wisdom
Lord is the beginning of wisdom and the knowledge of the Holy One is
and the knowledge of the Holy One is
and the knowledge of the Holy One is understanding for by me your days will
understanding for by me your days will
understanding for by me your days will be multiplied and years of life will be
be multiplied and years of life will be
be multiplied and years of life will be added to you if you are wise you are
added to you if you are wise you are
added to you if you are wise you are wise for yourself and if you scoff you
wise for yourself and if you scoff you
wise for yourself and if you scoff you will bear it alone a foolish woman is
will bear it alone a foolish woman is
will bear it alone a foolish woman is clamorous she is simple and knows
clamorous she is simple and knows
clamorous she is simple and knows nothing for she sits at the door of her
nothing for she sits at the door of her
nothing for she sits at the door of her house on a seat by the highest places of
house on a seat by the highest places of
house on a seat by the highest places of the city to call to those who pass by
the city to call to those who pass by
the city to call to those who pass by who go straight on their way whoever is
who go straight on their way whoever is
who go straight on their way whoever is simple let him turn in here and as for
simple let him turn in here and as for
simple let him turn in here and as for him who lacks understanding she says to
him who lacks understanding she says to
him who lacks understanding she says to him stolen water is sweet and bread
him stolen water is sweet and bread
him stolen water is sweet and bread eaten in secret is pleasant but he does
eaten in secret is pleasant but he does
eaten in secret is pleasant but he does not know that the dead are there that
not know that the dead are there that
not know that the dead are there that her guests are in the depths of hell